the night of this Tuesday, April 30, 3 and
girls competed for the crown of
miss panama at a luxury gala that
performed at the anayansi theater of atlapa
before the contest the girls in the middle
of tension they finished fixing for
go out on stage the managers of the
makeup costumes and jewelry talked
prior to the contest on trends
that would be used at the end of
contest we would like to have a lot
diversity at the time of presenting so
least everyone their skills but I think
that you have to look for something neutral something that
not that the girls do not look excessive
in which the girls do not look very
marked that are completely visible
feminine and especially that they look
fresh the trend is the jewelry
xl that is the trend of today
in day is a woman and this what I know
show what you really see and
tiny jewelry
I no longer style, I was inspired
much in what pre-Columbian gold is
in all that is the magnificence the
500 years of the sea discovery of
blue and good the dress has many
golden tones many silk chiffon
pure silk corrugated chiffon that suit
of the line and combined with embroidery in
swarovski crystals and mostacillas
all operate with harmoniously
combined in gold tone
now that of the press friends
puntocom I meet in the theater
anayansi where today the girl is chosen
that will wear the crown of miss
Panama join me to see everything
it happened in this gala
for me
and the time came when the 13 girls
they went on stage
dressed in bright dresses
embroidered with golden sequins are
saw then on a catwalk with dresses
of bath and suits
one of the most exciting points of the
night was when they revealed the names
of the first six finalists
ah
in other subjects
In the net
because
I do not know
and he is unknown
I just do not have
followed by the mention of the three
girls that would be crowned maría
gabriela if he reads represent panama and
the miss american continent
sara beautiful go to the intercontinental miss and
April carolina took the crown of
miss panama for miss universe
cheerful
now definitely to the organization
miss panama comes strong comes with a
agenda very prepared for them to me
prepare for miss universe a greeting
for all my friends in the press and
well here they have their representative I'm going
to give the best of me to go with everything
for my universe